[clang] Don't crash when module directive `export module foo` not following a semicolon and there are no rest pp-tokens in current module file (#187845)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Fixed a crash when normalizing constraints involving concept template parameters whose index coincided with non-concept template parameters in the same parameter mapping.
- Fixed a crash caused by accessing dependent diagnostics of a non-dependent context.
- Fixed a crash when substituting into a non-type template parameter that has a type containing an undeduced placeholder type.

> - Fixed a crash when module directive ``export module foo`` not following a semicolon and there are no rest pp-tokens in current module file. (#GH187771)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Correctly diagnosing and no longer crashing when ``export module foo``
  (without a semicolon) are the final tokens in a module file. (#GH187771)
```
Minor rewording
